did everyone have a good time last night i'd like to
remind everyone that the event that we hosted that is covered by
the code of conduct ended at 9 30 pm are we clear
amazing uh i'm gonna keep it super short
uh i am uh super stoked to to uh hear from our
friends at npmx um you will continue to have to
make hard choices still three rooms uh unconf sessions i saw
lots of people heading into the room and having a little cluster
discussions i think that worked really well so remember that's there
grab a couple of folks sit down really looking forward to what
comes out of that uh we've got a great buffet lunch
today 5 30 pm closing remarks uh you know speak to jul
iet as one of the people who can give you food recommendations
tonight's going to be super chill find some people uh it
sounds like there are a few folks who are staying for another
couple of days but we'll use the internet to uh coordinate
around that i know novel very novel um with that i'm
going to no not quite yet one more um so we're
just gonna roll so we're gonna we're gonna uh have
this next talk go till 10 a.
m uh so just to situate yourself and i'll post
this on the goose account too uh in here you'll hear
from tangled uh performance theater uh how and why news release should
build on the app portal and uh roomie and community organizing
for system change are your first three hard choices to make uh
thank you very much and i'd like to please welcome up
our friends from npmx